# MOT

A Multiple-Object-Tracking task (MOT; Pylyshyn and Storm 1988) was used for the training phase of this study. This task consisted in tracking a number of previously cued moving items (targets) embedded in a number of identical distractors so that at the end of the stimulus presentation such targets could be identified. In our stimulus configuration, the items underwent Brownian motion except when they got close to one another, in which case a repulsion between them was included to avoid overlapping. The speed was 15 deg/s and the stimulus motion covered the whole screen 4.7 x 3.6 deg (165.0 x 126.5 cm.) The items were circular and subtended 2 deg (57 mm). They were yellowish and were displayed on a green background. The targets were cued with a succession of 4 blinks at the beginning of each trial, while the distractors appeared gradually once the movement of the targets started. All participants performed 150 trials, which lasted 8000 ms each. Every 50 trials, there was a break of 30 s. We used a mark-all paradigm so participants were required to individuate 4 items by clicking on them with the mouse. After the fourth mouse click the next trial started. We used three different configurations of MOT: AL, RT, and CT. In the configuration AL, the stimulus contained 12 items, 4 targets and 8 distractors. The configuration RT consisted of a dual-task in which the participants had to report by pressing the spacebar as fast as possible the change of speed of an item while tracking the targets. The item could accelerate at 898 deg/s2 or 1197 deg/s2 during 2 s. The acceleration began randomly in the interval between the second and sixth second of each trial. In this configuration, two speeds were used: 15 and 20 deg/s. Each block of trials was randomly assigned with one of these values of speed. Finally, in the configuration CT, participants performed half of the training trials with AL and half with RT. 




